{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset128 DejaVu Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Numbering Symbols;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2009\mo12\dy15\hr22\min59}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3100}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qr{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Sean Fisk}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b CS457 Final}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 1. At the Honors College at GVSU, my laptop is connected to the internet via Ethernet.  I do not have the IP Address of google.com cached, so a DNS request must be made to my DNS servers.  DNS is application level protocol which works on UDP (Transport), I
P (Network), Ethernet (Data Link), and routers (Physical). The DNS query to the GVSU nameservers returns the IP Address of google.com, 74.125.95.105.  Now that the IP Address of google.com is known, communication can start.  First, my laptop sends a TCP SY
N packet to establish a connection with google.com.  Next, google.com responds with a TCP ACK to let my laptop know that it exists and is ready for communication.  Now that the connection is establish, my HTTP GET request can be sent.  This HTTP GET reques
t is sent with a request for the page at {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b /search?q=christian+trefftz }{from the root of Google's webserver. google.com now responds with the page I requested.  My laptop then finishes by sending google.com a TCP FIN packet, signaling that communication is do
ne and the connection is over.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{ a. }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Compare ARP and DNS. What do they have in common, what are their differences?}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 ARP and DNS are similar protocols used at different levels of the Internet Protocol Suite.  ARP is a   Link Layer protocol used for resolving the hardware (MAC) address of when only its IP Address is known.  DNS is an Application level protocol used to res
olve a computer's IP Address when its domain name is known.  ARP is used by computers and routers to determine the hardware addresses of all the devices connected to them.  ARP is very low level and does not use any Transport Layer (it is below that level)
 and instead uses its own frame type.  DNS, however, operates on UDP for Transport, IP for Network, and ethernet for Link Layer communication.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 c. {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b    Compare RMI and regular Client/Server. What do they have in common, what are their differences?}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 RMI and regular client/server communications are different in many ways.  First of all, they operate at different levels of networking.  Client/server describes a typical approach taken by many applications to networking.  The client/server model includes 
one server with all clients connected to the server only.  RMI, which stands for {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b R}emote {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b M}ethod{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b  I}nvocation, is a primarily Java technology which aims to simplify client/server communication.  RMI's goal is to make the calling of remote functions roughly ide
ntical to the calling of local methods.  An RMI registry is run on the server which contains all the remote methods each client is able to call on the server.  After a client connects, it can call a method on the server.  Java serializes all of its paramet
ers to pass them over the network.  RMI is different from the regular client/server model in that it takes it to the next level.  RMI is able to avoid the hassle of using sockets and dealing with the communication directly, rather, it uses simple setup met
hods on the client and server to initiate calling of the remote methods.  RMI is similar to client/server in that this model is used in the implementation of RMI.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 d. {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b What is the purpose of the TTL (Time to Live) value in the IP protocol?}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 The purpose of the Time to Live field in the IP Protocol is to prevent a loop of messages from occurring.  It is also useful to timeout packets which are unable to reach their destination.  Time to Live was originally meant to be a field which indicated th
e number of seconds which a packet should be considered valid.  A rule was set, though, that each router must decrement each packet's TTL value by at least one.  So, in practice, TTL has become more of an indication of the number of routers a packet should
 be able to go through before dying.  It is for this reason that the TTL field name has been changed to \'81\'67hop limit\'81\'68 in IPv6.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 g. {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Compare UDP and TCP.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 User Datagram Protcol and Transmission Control Protocol are the two most popular transport layer protocols being used in the internet today.  The goals of each are different.  TCP is used to provide a reliable connection over an unreliable medium (network/
internet).  UDP, on the other hand, promises only that it will give its \'81\'67best effort\'81\'68 in delivering the data to the destination.  TCP is commonly used for the safe, uncorrupted delivery of files, most notably through the HTTP protocol on the Web.  TCP is m
ost used for HTML files for web sites.  UDP, on the other hand, is used for purposes where data integrity is less crucial.  Examples include streaming audio or video, where a lost packet is not going to make much of a difference.  Also, recovery of said pa
cket is not going to be worth the time waited.  UDP also does not guarantee that packets will be received in the same order that they are sent, which is crucial for TCP.  Although UDP is worse than TCP in these respects, it has great advantages.  UDP is a 
connectionless protocol and is therefore much less bloated than TCP, which must include all sorts of transfer integrity fields.  UDP can also be used for multi-cast, which is sending a packet to more than one client at a time.  However, this is not support
ed in all routers.}
\par }